# Daily Journal — Tuesday, 2025-07-29

## Journal
Been a while since I’ve written and I’ve been trying to tell myself to write more, not just to get things off my chest but also for the memories that I’d want to remember. It’s been 2 weeks since Mik and I have been on a break, but nothing really changed… we still talk everyday and I still have things there. We still say good morning and message random things to each other. I guess it’s for the better that the separation wasn’t drastic, dramatic or overly emotional. We even watched a movie last weekend. I don’t even know what we are. The main difference is that I’m not expected to sleep over and I guess for him he’s not waiting or expecting replies from me. Maybe I should stop giving him updates on where I go if I’m out… I mean, he doesn’t really let me know. Most of the time, I just expect him to be home. I need to figure out what I want and how to go about things… Is it my mindset? That a lot of our incompatibilities are just too heavy for a romantic relationship? But we’re so okay on all the other aspects, on a human to human level. Maybe it’s as far as we go? Perhaps that’s the reality of someone just not being right for you, but that doesn’t mean they’re not meant to be in your life. Even until now, I don’t know how he feels, other than “he loves me”. What does that even mean? I could go back to the birthday cards he wrote me, and the “pills” that he hid little notes in… but those feel so disconnected from where we are today. Perhaps that’s exactly why we’re on this break, or we’re broken up… or whatever we are. I know that we aren’t together at the very least. The bittersweet feeling comes from the fact that there’s no anger anymore. No resentment. But the fear of all of those coming back are the problem. Right now, we’re okay because there are no expectations. I’m busy with work, family is there to make me feel less alone, but then is that it? On the other hand, things have also stalled with him. Maybe it’s the human reaction to things feel different when you don’t have them anymore. I was so skeptical and cynical about the life we were living a couple of weeks back. I can’t just go back on my word because there’s no more tension between us. Everything I’d been holding back are realities that have been ignored before, under the assumption of growing pains and adjusting to one another. But 2 years in and a lot of fundamental things make me unsure or uneasy… That’s not supposed to happen.

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Score: 77
- Duration: 6h 45m
- Stages: Deep 1h 12m  Light 4h 11m  REM 1h 22m  Awake 29m
- Avg sleep stress: 14
- Avg respiration: 19.0 br/min
- Wake events: 2  Restless moments: 38
- Recovery score: 84