# Daily Journal — Thursday, 2025-08-28

## Journal
*26°C Drizzle, Don Santiago Freixas Street, Parañaque, Metro Manila, Philippines*

Just a regular day today working. My watch said that it was a nicely balanced day between stress and rest. I think it's cause I didn't have any meetings but I still did a few things. There are things that I've still been putting off like having my car fixed, scheduling my cardio appointment, getting back to people, but for once, I don't
really feel too guilty. I may have slipped in the "relationship "area because I feel like maybe Mik and I are still the same, just without the physical and the expectations.
Doesn't that set me back? In terms of making space for what I really want? It's pretty much just a "go with the flow" kind of thing for me. With everything... And even if on end I'm not really getting anywhere, to an extent, it's also just a bit empowering to do things (even if it's not doing anything) on my terms.

My body feels good. I wish I could've stretched and moved more, but today, I felt rather healthy. Something I maybe haven't celebrated before. I should do that more often. I actually feel at peace today. Perhaps it's because I didn't waste any of my energy on other people and I just stayed in my lane. A truth I noticed about myself is that I just need to feel like I'm getting somewhere and creating... that's what excites me.

If today had gone exactly how I needed, I would've gone to yoga, or maybe walked Kaia. Just maybe moved a bit more. I would've felt like my body and my mind would've been more balanced and that I did something for myself outside of feeling like I was obliged to. Maybe I need to consider myself a priority -my body and not always my mind. But also it's so much easier to feel this when the day was light and there's no physical heaviness that I feel. I wish I could feel this way everyday.

Today my body supported me by being steady, and feeling heavy. It
didn't feel imposing or limiting. Even if I felt tension or fear, I revise that memory:
I see myself as steady, SAFE, and cared for. My body is learning (and loving it) to trust itself again. And so is my mind. Tonight I thank my body for reminding me that my mind and body can work together for my good.

Thank you that my life is unfolding towards stability, love, and peace. Thank you for today's small proof: the love for Kaia. I sleep deeply tonight knowing that everything and everyone I need and want are already on their way.

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Score: 78
- Duration: 8h 17m
- Stages: Deep 2h 8m  Light 5h 9m  REM 1h 0m  Awake 30m
- Avg sleep stress: 21
- Avg respiration: 19.83 br/min
- Wake events: 2  Restless moments: 39
- Recovery score: 67