# Daily Journal — Wednesday, 2025-09-03

## Journal
*26°C Drizzle, Shaw Residenza Suites, Mandaluyong, Metro Manila, Philippines*

# Trip back to memory lane
Today I went with dad to see Lolo’s flat. All the furniture was from my childhood and I even remembered the exact place things were back in EDSA. It felt so strangely comforting to see. It also reminded me how my childhood was something a lot of children wished they had and something I would never change for anything.

I had a conversation with dad about how come I wasn’t as phased by the recent discoveries about Lolo’s hidden life was. And he’s right: it’s because the image I have of Lolo was built on his prime when EDSA was the place to be and things were great. Financially, physically… idk maybe it’s also the 90s. But also because i was already exposed to worse things when mom and Pompadom separated. No finding about dildos or lube about him could phase me because I’ve seen and heard worse. Another theory is that because I’ve already experienced seeing my parents as superheroes falling from their pedestal, my acceptance of these people as humans first, parents second, makes me a lot more tolerant for their personal shit? The way I see it, they fucked up to different levels, but at their very core, they’re good people. And more importantly they were great people to me. Lolo never fell short for me. So did Pompadom when I was a kid.

All of this also just reminded me how grateful I am for my parents and the way they raised me. I love my parents so much and I can’t even fathom what I’d be going through when that day comes…

As for Lolo, I think I’m still in denial about the harsh reality but I’d like to always remember him as the image I have of him- strong, capable, fun, funny, the OG of all OGs. While everyone is thinking of logistics, bills, and dealing with their own realizations, I need to keep reminding myself that time matters most now, and I’m lucky enough to have this time with him, with this mindset. I don’t want to let myself get to the dark thoughts and fear of what’s to come. This is the time when writers say that the most important is the now.

And right now, as imperfect and as flawed and as fucked up my family is, I’m still the luckiest. And I wouldn’t have changed anything for the world.

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Score: 84
- Duration: 7h 46m
- Stages: Deep 1h 54m  Light 4h 39m  REM 1h 13m  Awake 25m
- Avg sleep stress: 19
- Avg respiration: 18.83 br/min
- Wake events: 1  Restless moments: 30
- Recovery score: 72