# Daily Journal — Thursday, 2024-12-05

## Journal
I absolutely hate having to pretend that I’m okay and that I am not going through any. of the things that I actually go through. I guess it’s only worth talking about when it’s a joke or when it’s a good day, not as fun to hear about when it’s the serious stuff. But hey, at least I truly know where I stand with whom and what I really need to work on.

In other news, I have so much that has changed since October. Which I realize was when I last mily wrote here, and it was still a brain dump on to get my thoughts more organized when I was about to pick a fight with Mik. Now, there are so many life changes that have developped and I quite don’t know where to start. So I’m going to do another dump instead.

I want to quit working in Tribal, and for real this time. There’s quite literally nothing keeping me there anymore. And this is something that I need to keep on reminding myself every time I second guess leaving behind a “culture”. I don’t have any real and solid friendships with people there anymore. Maybe except for Sam, I now need to accept that what I thought I had as a friendship with the likes of Drei or Bea are really not there anymore. And it’s not particularly something that breaks my heart. Which is also pretty telling.

Support or alliances that I had with the management are also more for display than anything. This was made evident when I found out that Reg “doesn’t feel my impact “strong enough to even consider a raise. I don’t blame Chichi’s attempt to be closer to me by being straightforward about it, even though personally, I probably wouldn’t have gone about things the same way… At least now I know what cards my opponents are playing with and I just need to be strategic with my hand.

Politics aside, the work itself has also been a turn off in the last year. I HATE working on Many nasal, regardless of whether it’s part of my job. Maybe 1. also just outgrew all the types of work that comes with it. I don’t feel like I’m learning much anymore and initially, I thought that the “challenge” of starting the media offer of Tribal would be a good challenge, but the more things progress, the more I realize that I just really do not want to do it anymore.

I dread doing anything for work and it’s definitely a “me” thing and not a work thing. Maybe I just want to do a different thing or maybe the nature of the work and the industry just changed. And maybe I changed too. it’s not what I want to do anymore - I want to do more and be more. I want to have more purpose and I know that sounds so grossly idealistic, but it’s true.

What I’m worried about most is the fact that I won’t have an income when that does happen… But I also know in my heart of hearts that I need time off to figure out what it is that I really want to do. Am I ready to have a year of no income? I need to be realistic that I will probably not have a job in the first 6 months because it’ll be when I try to figure out what I want to do. Then the next half of the year trying to put it in action.

That means that I need about 12 months of the same income or at least maybe about 600K just to spend and not dipping in at least 200 k for emergencies. Which I dearly do not have. This would ultimately mean changing my lifestyle completely and that’s probably the scariest thing in all of this.

I will also need about 150k to buy a laptop so I can work so I need about IM before I quit. WI. That’s not counting the repairs I would need to have for my car so yeah… I don’t know how to go about this. I’ll figure it out tomorrow…

Another thing that I need to figure out is how to do it all without depending on Mik and keeping my financial independence at all costs. Maybe there’s something about putting in money for long-term gain and some for just monthly interest to still have an income of some sort that’s consistent. Maybe I can borrow money from Dad? And use some as living expenses and grow the rest? I don’t know anymore. And the more I think about it, the more overwhelming it is. Maybe I can ask Tito Casey if I can work for him.

I think that the first step is to figure out my finances. Then I figure out how to leave Tribal. If there’s one thing I know, it’s that I can not stay in Tribal. It is slowly killing my body and it’s killing my soul. Each and every part of it. Maybe I put my self out there with my V0 gigs so that I also have that buffer. Maybe I don’t need to be unemployed next year, but consider myself more as a freelancer?

In any case, I need to leave Tribal. Then I work on other parts in my life, and then hope that things fall into place in a way that is more purposeful and purpose driven. lots of people quit their jobs and start from scratch again, right? that’s one thing I know.

And when I quit Tribal, I will have 3 objectives: work on my health, work on figuring out what I can do, and then work on my relationships around me: friends, family, love. That’s pretty much all that I need to figure out and align myself with. But I definitely need the mind space free from Tribal so I can focus on other things.

I need to run this by mom, dad and pompadom of course. And then run it by Mile, I’m not trying to scare him out of being with me after all…

While this session brought me much more things to be anxious about, because of the uncertainties and the fact that I need to be the one to pull the trigger and be accountable for throwing my life as I know it in the washing machine, I know that this session brought me the clarity about Tribal and my current biggest obstacle in this specific moment.

I need. To. Get. Out. And then figure it out along the way.

Things will look up. Things will get better. Because I know in my heart of hearts that while my life vision might not be clear right now, where I am and where I spend my time and energy DO NOT get me anywhere close to what I envision for myself.

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Stages: Deep 0m  Light 0m  REM N/A  Awake 0m