# Daily Journal — Friday, 2024-05-31

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Duration: 7h 54m
- Stages: Deep 1h 19m  Light 5h 40m  REM 55m  Awake 3m
- SpO2: avg 93.0%, low 86%
- Avg HR during sleep: 68.0 bpm
- Avg respiration: 15.0 br/min
## Notion
**🧿 Attack**
- Mental: Panic
- Body: Cold Neck/Back, Dizziness, Palpitations, Pins and Needles, Tingly Legs
- Spots: 1
- Panic attack: 3
  - Trigger: Feeling like my eyes zoomed in and out of focus and feeling like I my body was mush and I could “fall” any moment.
  - Physical: Blurred Vision, Cold Back, Darkening Vision, Dizzy, Lightheaded, Palpitations, Pins and Needles in Head/Neck, Ringing Ears, Shaking Hands, Sweaty Feet, Sweaty Hands
  - Emotional: Frustrated but trying to keep calm and stay in control of the situation. Envious of other people.
  - Thoughts: How can other people have a regular day and life without feeling this uncomfortable or this anxious? I wish I could be like them. Why am I like this? What’s wrong with me?
  - Before: We came from a furniture store and ordered dinner at the foodcourt. I had to look for somewhere to sit and only found stools by the window. I was sitting and was looking at the LED light on the street and suddenly got dizzy. I tried to talk to Mik to get my mind off of things and told him I would walk around the food court to look for another table. I just really needed to get my body moving to distract me.
  - De-escalated by: Eating something sweet as soon I got back to Mik’s place.
- Context: Out of House, Restaurant, Sitting, Standing · Mall, Restaurant · In Public, Mik
- Food: Churros, Pepper Lunch
- Drink: Water
- Supplements: Collagen Peptides, Reservatrol, N-Acetylcysteine, Nattokinase, 5HTP, Paracleanse

Walked around to ease the anixety. Felt light headed and dizzy. Walked from food court home. Felt neck tingles while walking and called Mik. Considered lying down on the bench in the park. Felt better after eating something sweet.

@May 31, 2024

**PM**
- Context: Car, House Cleaning, Moving, Sitting, Standing
- Food: Chicken Sandwich, Churros
- Drink: Iced Tea, Water
- Supplements: Pau D’Arco (x2), Vitamin C, Multivitamins, Astaxanthin, N-Acetylcysteine, Paracleanse

@May 31, 2024

**Log**
- Mik's mom concerned about my panic attacks. *(Gratitude)*
- Helping Mik move furniture. *(Proud Of)*