# Daily Journal — Thursday, 2024-05-23

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Duration: 8h 27m
- Stages: Deep 1h 41m  Light 6h 3m  REM 43m  Awake 0m
- SpO2: avg 98.0%, low 90%
- Avg HR during sleep: 86.0 bpm
- Avg respiration: 16.0 br/min
## Notion
**AM**

@May 23, 2024

**PM**
- Context: Car, Mall, Walking · Family, In Public
- Food: Cake, Hummus, Nuts, Pasta
- Drink: Green Juice, Water

@May 23, 2024

**💥 Flare Up**
- Mental: Panic
- Body: Diarrhea, Dizziness, Lost Color, Palpitations
- Spots: 1
- Panic attack: 3
  - Trigger: Feeling like the room is spinning and not being able to breath. Felt like I was going to faint.
  - Physical: Dizzy, Lightheaded, Nauseous, Noise Sensitivity, Palpitations, Pins and Needles in Back, Pins and Needles in Head/Neck, Restless, Ringing Ears, Tense Muscles, Thirsty
  - Emotional: I need to lie down somewhere and leave the restaurant.
  - Thoughts: I need to find somewhere to lie down. This is a japanese restaurant, they must have empty dining rooms with mats on the floor. Why is everything so loud? Why am I so thirsty? I will ruin the dinner and make a scene.
  - Before: I was sitting in the corner of the second floor where the banister was clear glass. My family ordered sake and the waitress gave one to me, which I passed on and gave to someone else. I did not have alcohol. I was eating my sushi and suddenly felt really uneasy. I continued to engage in conversations and actively asking questions to get my mind off the feeling of uneasiness. Went to the bathroom a few times again to run water on my face and my neck. Stayed longer in the bathroom during my third visit. My mom followed and suggested that I change seats with someone else. I asked my brother to switch seats with me so I can be beside my mom and not have a corner seat. My uncle’s new wife was talking to me, I think to get my mind off things, but instead I couldn’t focus on what she was saying and started to feel worse.
  - De-escalated by: Resting my head on mom’s lap while inhaling peppermint essential oil. Focusing on breathing and closing my eyes. Fully felt better after having warm soup.
- Context: Dinner, Restaurant, Sitting · Restaurant · Family, In Public
- Food: Halo Halo, Miso Soup, Sashimi, Vegetables
- Drink: Cold Tea, Water

Panic Level 3, Spots Level 1 - Anxiety in resto: went to bathroom to collect myself. Full panic attack after palpitations and feeling like passing out. Tried to switch seats and still talk then felt it come again, asked to lie down somewhere. Felt really thirsty. Lied down on mom’s lap and inhaled peppermint. Got color back after miso soup.

@May 23, 2024

**Log**
- Panic attack in Miyazaki and almost passing out. *(Remebering)*
- Mom being there. *(Gratitude)*