# Daily Journal — Saturday, 2024-06-01

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Duration: 10h 20m
- Stages: Deep 20m  Light 8h 47m  REM 1h 13m  Awake 2m
- SpO2: avg 94.0%, low 74%
- Avg HR during sleep: 73.0 bpm
- Avg respiration: 15.0 br/min
## Notion
**PM**
- Food: Chapati, Dark Chocolate, Honey Oats, Potatoes
- Drink: Water
- Supplements: Pau D’Arco (x2), Vitamin C, Multivitamins, Astaxanthin, N-Acetylcysteine, Paracleanse

@June 1, 2024

**🧿 Attack**
- Mental: Anxiety, Panic
- Body: Palpitations
- Spots: 1
- Panic attack: 3
  - Trigger: Being really sensitive to the smell and sound of the place
  - Physical: Palpitations, Restless, Thirsty
  - Emotional: Being on high alert for everything and feeling really on edge.
  - Thoughts: Why is the music so loud? How can people be smoking while eating? How can they be so inconsiderate towards others?
  - Before: Went to yoga with J and Josh. Decided that tacos was a good idea. J and I got to the restaurant before Josh and when we got there, a table was smoking and loud. I was feeling antsy and the music sounded too loud. I told J that I was feeling anxious and he told me it’s going to be okay. I went to the bathroom a few times to tap and run water through my hands. I also ordered a sweet drink.
  - De-escalated by: Tapping, drinking something sweet and being engrossed in the conversation with family.
- Context: Dinner, Yoga · Restaurant · Family, In Public
- Food: Tacos
- Drink: Electrolyte Water, Horchata, Water
- Supplements: Collagen Peptides, Reservatrol, Fish Oil, N-Acetylcysteine, Nattokinase, Vitamin C, Paracleanse, Magnesium, 5HTP

Dinner with Josh and J - went to the bathroom to run water on my face and neck. Tapped for a bit and repeated mantra. Anxiety didn’t escalate into a full blown panic attack. Proud that I overcame fear from getting attacks in restaurants/with people. Still working on it.

@June 1, 2024

**AM**
- Supplements: N-Acetylcysteine, Probiotics, Ribose, Nattokinase, Paracleanse

@June 1, 2024

**Log**
- Powering through dinner despite fear of getting an attack. *(Proud Of)*
- Josh and J. *(Gratitude)*
- Mom's first yoga class back in Manila. *(Remebering)*