# Daily Journal — Sunday, 2024-05-19

## Journal
It’s Sunday and I allowed myself a week of relaxing, but because I know my last paycheck is coming soon, I can’t feel as chill anymore.

They said it takes more than 6 months to recover from burnout, and I believe it. Another big step for me is that I actually admit it’s burnout. The label itself isn’t the big step—it’s having a place to start that isn’t rooted in blaming Tribal.

Pompadom is back, and his presence is a big relief. It gives me a sense of normalcy where I don’t feel responsible for the happiness or security of those around me. Maybe it’s also the rest from the week that gave me some breathing space.

I had 2 strong anxiety attacks this week, but those are things I can manage—at least relatively well. There’s a system. I’ve been on medicine, and it reassures me when my spots show up. I still don’t want to take antidepressants because I know the downsides outweigh the good. Maybe it’s just a matter of time—like recovering from burnout.

This is what I know:
•   I don’t want to go back to working for corporate
•   I like the type of work I do, which is strategy and marketing
•   I need time in my day to do other things
•   I need to be creative
•   I don’t need dad’s help with music
•   I need my own source of income
•   I want to be part of mom’s company
•   I need to work for something that is mine instead of a company
•   I need fulfillment in my work
•   I need a sense of ownership
•   I want and need to afford my lifestyle
•   I want to live a healthy life
•   I want to feel in control of my time
•   I like to think of ideas, but I need help executing them

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Duration: 10h 59m
- Stages: Deep 1h 4m  Light 9h 0m  REM 55m  Awake 34m
- SpO2: avg 96.0%, low 91%
- Avg HR during sleep: 83.0 bpm
- Avg respiration: 16.0 br/min
## Notion
**PM**
- Food: Lemon Square, Wendy’s Chicken Sandwich
- Drink: Iced Tea, Water

@May 19, 2024

**PM**
- Food: Bacon, Lemon Square, Scrambled Eggs, White Rice
- Drink: Water

@May 19, 2024

**AM**
- Drink: Coffee, Green Juice

@May 19, 2024

**Log**
- J spending time with us and hanging out. *(Gratitude)*
- Finishing the copy of 2 workbooks. *(Proud Of)*