# Daily Journal — Saturday, 2024-06-15

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Duration: 8h 59m
- Stages: Deep 1h 41m  Light 5h 29m  REM 1h 49m  Awake 12m
- SpO2: avg 92.0%, low 73%
- Avg HR during sleep: 65.0 bpm
- Avg respiration: 15.0 br/min
## Notion
**🧿 Attack**
- Mood rating: 2/5
- Emotions: Angry, Fearful, Scared
- Mental: Anger, Anxiety, Blackout, Panic
- Body: Palpitations, Pins and Needles
- Panic attack: 3
  - Trigger: Feeling like I couldn’t breathe and a heavy chest.
  - Physical: Can’t Breathe, Pins and Needles in Head/Neck, Restless, Yawning
  - Emotional: I don’t want to ruin the celebration of father’s day, but I’m weak. Frustrated that the fear stopped me from living my life. Frustrated that I already knew this was going to happen, and I was so close to beating it, but it won over me.
  - Thoughts: I’m really trying to control it but I’m really anxious. The anxiety is really debilitating and it makes me feel so weak. But also, I’d rather not put myself in a situation where it is loud, there are a lot of things going on, and my dad is also there.
  - Before: Already anxious about getting an attack but wanting to push through to re-wire my brain. Getting ready and was already a little irritable. Put on a my bra and felt it a little tight. It started escalating but I tried to control it. My head started to feel itchy, as if I was getting pins and needles.  This was also supposed to be an event where I invited Mik’s family from India, and even though he said they wouldn’t go, I just feel like this was just him taking the event for granted and the privilege for granted.
  - De-escalated by: Taking Xanor, drinking, and listening to my intuition that I need to let out my pent up anger and sadness. I got drunk and don’t remember much.
- Context: Getting Ready · Home · Alone, Family
- Alcohol: Soju

Felt anxious. Then irritable. Couldn’t get myself to go to dad’s gig out of paralyzing fear of getting attack. Decided I needed to drink and release my emotions. Blacked out after 3 bottles of soju but had a good cry. No spots. Also no memories of what I said towards the end.

@June 15, 2024