# Daily Journal — Tuesday, 2024-06-04

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Duration: 10h 12m
- Stages: Deep 1h 40m  Light 7h 22m  REM 1h 10m  Awake 1m
- SpO2: avg 95.0%, low 83%
- Avg HR during sleep: 81.0 bpm
- Avg respiration: 14.0 br/min
## Notion
**💥 Flare Up**
- Mental: Anxiety, Panic
- Body: Joint Pain
- Spots: 2
- Panic attack: 1
- Context: Home
- Food: Baked Chicken, Brown Rice, Chicharon
- Drink: Coke, Water
- Supplements: Paracleanse, N-Acetylcysteine, Fish Oil, Vitamin C, Reservatrol, Collagen Peptides

Poor sleep and mild anxiety attack that led to insomnia (had to peppermint and fell asleep from fatigue). I think it was also because I kept on expecting Tati and Tating to come into the room to sleep but they never did. I was expecting them to be loud and being woken up from it. It ended with me just not sleeping at all.

@June 4, 2024

**🧿 Attack**
- Mental: Anxiety, Panic
- Body: Dizziness, Palpitations
- Spots: 2
- Panic attack: 1
  - Trigger: Feeling a strong sense of fear and doom.
  - Physical: Blurred Vision, Palpitations, Sweaty Hands
  - Emotional: Rushing, hyperfixating but also feeling disconnected from my body and my environment.
  - Thoughts: How can people just have a normal day and do normal things, but I can’t? Time feels like it’s going really slow.
  - Before: Chatting with Sam about his hospitalization and how he he has an enlarged heart. Thinking it might be because of the COVID vaccine, just like my autoimmune disease. Walked up the escalator and trying to manage the anxiety and lightheadedness.
  - De-escalated by: Going back to the car and talking to Mik. Sweating in the car kind of brought me back to my body.
- Context: Grocery · Grocery · Family, In Public
- Food: Longganisa, White Rice
- Supplements: Pau D’Arco (x2), Vitamin C, Multivitamins, Astaxanthin, Paracleanse, N-Acetylcysteine

Fear (like rollercoaster), tried to whether it out, went to the car and regulated pretty fast

@June 4, 2024

**AM**
- Supplements: Ribose, Nattokinase, N-Acetylcysteine, Probiotics

@June 4, 2024