# Daily Journal — Monday, 2024-06-17

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Stages: Deep 0m  Light 0m  REM N/A  Awake 0m
## Notion
**🧿 Attack**
- Mood rating: 4/5
- Emotions: Anxious, Fearful, Frustrated
- Mental: Panic
- Body: Cold Neck/Back, Dizziness, Finger Twitching, Palpitations, Pins and Needles, Sleepy
- Panic attack: 2
  - Trigger: Sudden strong surge of irrational fear of falling backwards.
  - Physical: Restless, Ringing Ears
  - Emotional: Desire to escape and give up. Confusion, and like time was going really slow.
  - Thoughts: I can’t believe that it’s happening. There’s no reason because I’m with the safest person I can be with.
  - Before: Anxious about stepping out agains since my last attack. Mom and I decided to eat out for lunch. I wanted a bench table but they only had regular tables. The restaurant was relatively empty and felt safe.
  - De-escalated by: Weathering through it. Mom acknowledging my attack but being assertive that it will be okay.
- Context: Car, Grocery, House Cleaning, Sitting · Restaurant · Family, In Public
- Food: Chicken Rice, Hakaw
- Drink: Orange Juice, Water

Anxious leading up to the challenge of stepping out and facing the fear of getting panic attack. Got to the restaurant and felt palpitation and tingly hands. Almost felt my back. Kept on yawning. Mom said to sit with it. Felt better after eating. Might be blood sugar?

@June 17, 2024

**💥 Flare Up**
- Spots: 2
- Food: Tacos
- Drink: Water

@June 17, 2024

**AM**
- Body: Finger Twitching
- Drink: Water