# Daily Journal — Monday, 2024-06-10

## Journal
I feel taken for granted. Is it the lack of acknowledgement or validation? Is it the lack of words of affirmation? It just feels like everything is a given or that it didn’t even matter whether I am around or not. It doesn’t make me want to actually express that I’m thank full because I never hear it unless it for a favor. I don’t feel appreciated. It also doesn’t make me want to express my love (which is so not like me) just because I never hear it first, or when I do, the response is always awkward or uncomfortable for him. He never really asks about my past… and when I do ask him, he never asks me back. I feel like he doesn’t care about me as a person and instead just wants a partner or someone to be with, rather than me. I don’t know if this relationship will last. There just seems like there are a lot of compromises that we both have to do and I don’t know if he thinks that it’s worth it. And I also don’t know if I think that those compromises are worth it, even if there will be a solution for them.

Panic and anxiety started increasing in intensity and frequency when I would get more spots (which turned out to be vasculitis, but I didn’t know this until months after)
Slowly associating spots with drinking it bring out (which is impotent got me because it’s a form of socialization)
Then panic and anxiety just became social out public settings even when there’s an actual dormitory and treatment plan for my spots
Now waking up with angry everyday and getting mild panic symptoms daily

Also feeling very frustrated with my body (why just acting up, feeling insecure about my weight and my looks)
More feeling helpless and desperate with my mind because I feel unable to live a normal life because I consult about social and public settings which also affects how confident I feel because I want to be living my best lot but I feel so limited both physically and mentally

Things that happened in last 6 months
Took a medical leave from work to figure out my spots. Felt manipulated, tricked, and gaslit. Now going though thoughts about what I want to do in life, how to not go back, but also how to earn.
Depressive episodes on and off
Went to India
My mom moved back from Subic - I probably still have unresolved issues about her leaving me in the first place. Pressure to provide and keep things a float, not being able to live my life breeder I was working out maybe it was a good excuse to not have a life?, now there’s the red shift in dynamics of her moving back and feeling a little displaced. Also knowing that is not her fault or her intention to make me feel any of that.
Pompadom coming and seeing mom and Pompadom. It felt nice to feel like a family again. Realising o never got to mourn the loss of it. Realizing the loss of the life as I knew it. And that it will never be they way. Not having anything bad to say about him.
Absorbing and not wanting to have anything to do with Tito Brian’s kids story. And feeling guilty for being apathetic.
Realizing they I need friends. Real friends or friends who care and align with the life I want, not situational friends like from the office.
Stopped getting salary from my paid leaves.
Uncertainty and insecurity about my relationship with mik and not knowing my place in his life, or future etc.

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Duration: 12h 11m
- Stages: Deep 1h 11m  Light 9h 18m  REM 1h 42m  Awake 30m
- SpO2: avg 96.0%, low 89%
- Avg HR during sleep: 73.0 bpm
- Avg respiration: 15.0 br/min
## Notion
**PM**
- Food: Chicken Biryani

@June 10, 2024

**🧿 Attack**
- Mental: Anxiety, Sadness
- Panic attack: 1
- Context: Mik’s House · Mik
- Drink: Decaf White Mocha Americano Coffee, Water

@June 10, 2024

**Valdoxan**

1 pill at bedtime