# Daily Journal — Wednesday, 2024-06-05

## Journal
What’s so strange—not strange, frustrating—is that my panic attacks have been very intense. I don’t remember when they were this intense and frequent. Almost every day.

I’ve been going back and forth about whether it’s a physical manifestation or if it starts off as a mental thing and then becomes physical because I think about it so hard that I manifest it. But at this point, it doesn’t even matter because I’m starting to associate certain situations with getting a panic attack already. That associative fear is debilitating.

First, because I’m already somewhat afraid before even getting into the situation. Anticipating a potential panic attack. Will it come? It’s come before in a similar situation, so what if my mind and body associate this with then? What will that mean if I do get it?

And then when it does happen, it’s more like: I can’t believe this is happening again. I knew it was going to come. Okay, it’s coming. I feel everything. I feel all the small symptoms. I need to take control of my mind before it gets worse. What will happen if it does get worse? What do I do while waiting for it to subside without getting even more triggered? Should I tell the people I’m with so they’re aware? Or will telling them make them worry even more?

It’s getting worse… The symptoms are not going away. How can other people be normal in this situation and why am I unable to? How long will I be like this? How do I get myself out of this situation? What happens if I pass out right now? Why am I so weak? Why was I able to go about life before and now I can’t anymore? Is this going to be my life?

What are other people saying about me? I don’t want to be that person who’s such a cripple that everyone needs to be hyper-vigilant about. What happens if they whisper behind my back?

There are things I need to do. I need to help my mom. I need to help with house chores. I need to help Mik with his moving. But right now, I can’t. Doesn’t he see that I’m trying? He won’t even acknowledge that I’m extending more than I can already give. He can’t even say thank you.

Am I just expecting too much from him because I tend to say thank you way too often? Is this a relationship I want to be in? What does this look like in the long run? Maybe my standards are too high? What am I looking for to feel safe? Is it because I don’t feel safe? Could my panic attacks be because I don’t feel safe?

What about my life is not making me feel safe? Why am I unable to feel safe when what I’m going through is just everyday life?

Mik has Thalassemia, which makes him unable to put on muscle (maybe a primal signal for me that he can’t protect me?). He gets tired easily and can’t do the type of physical activity most males can. I noticed this when we were moving furniture and he physically couldn’t do it—when I could. This makes me fear that if I pass out during a panic attack, he’ll be helpless.

My panic attacks feel like I’m about to faint. My heart starts palpitating, my hands and feet get pins and needles, I struggle to breathe, I get dizzy, my vision blurs or I see black spots, my back and neck feel cold and tingling.

I remember the first time I passed out, I was at the pediatrician as a child. After an injection, I tried to brush it off but then I fainted. Another time, I passed out from smoking weed as a teenager. My back and neck had pins and needles that crept up to my neck. Another time, I saw black spots and felt so sleepy. I thought I stood up from the table to go to bed, but I actually fell backwards on my chair and hit my head.

The last time I saw someone pass out was my dad. On his way to the toilet, he froze while walking, leaned on the wall, and I saw him lose consciousness. I heard his head hit the floor. As I write this and remember, my heart beats faster. My uncle had to give him CPR because he was turning blue. I can still see it so clearly.

I don’t know if there’s trauma there, and if so, from what exactly.

I think I’m also processing COVID-19 lockdown emotions. Coming to terms with pre-pandemic, during-pandemic, and post-pandemic life. During the pandemic, I took on 2 full-time jobs to maximize working from home and earn enough to help with bills because my mom lost her job as a yoga teacher.

A year later, I left one job and kept the older one at an ad agency, where I stayed until I recently took a 6-month medical leave to address my health. Since last year, I’ve had red spots on my lower legs that, just last month, were diagnosed as autoimmune vasculitis. That period of uncertainty made me afraid and frustrated about not living a normal life, since every week I’d get new bruises.

I think there’s just so much I need to process and acknowledge as painful, maybe even traumatic, experiences from the last few years. Things I need to sort through.

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Duration: 10h 12m
- Stages: Deep 1h 26m  Light 8h 15m  REM 31m  Awake 1h 10m
- SpO2: avg 92.0%, low 81%
- Avg HR during sleep: 72.0 bpm
- Avg respiration: 15.0 br/min
## Notion
**PM**
- Food: Baked Pasta
- Drink: Water

@June 5, 2024

**PM**
- Mental: Anxiety, Sadness
- Body: Chest Pain
- Food: Brown Rice, Sardines, Scrambled Eggs
- Drink: Water

Deep sense of sadness and hoplessness.

@June 5, 2024