# Daily Journal — Wednesday, 2024-05-08

## Journal
After the movement ends and we come to rest, the dust settles and what's left is what remains and what needs to arise.

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Stages: Deep 0m  Light 0m  REM N/A  Awake 0m
## Notion
**🧿 Attack**
- Emotions: Fearful, Overwhelmed, Scared, Worried
- Mental: Panic
- Body: Dizziness, Lost Color, Palpitations
- Spots: 1
- Panic attack: 3
  - Trigger: Sudden dizziness and feeling like the world was spinning and lightheadedness. Felt like I was going to faint.
  - Physical: Dizzy, Lightheaded, Palpitations, Pins and Needles in Back, Pins and Needles in Feet, Pins and Needles in Hand, Pins and Needs in Arm, Ringing Ears, Sweaty Feet, Thirsty
  - Emotional: I need to get out and lie down somewhere. Looking around for somewhere to lie down and not finding anything to lie down.
  - Thoughts: I will fall off this chair and hit my head. I need to lie down to avoid falling or causing a scene. I feel so bad for ruining the vibe. If I faint now, it will make a scene. Why is the bill taking so long? Why am I so thirsty? Why is my heart beating so fast? Where did this come from all of a sudden?
  - Before: We sat in the restaurant. Chairs were high chairs. I ordered a sangria even though I said I wasn’t going to drink. But I felt like it and it was going to be a chill catch up session with Lietz. Before the attack, I remember hearing the restaurant louder, and as if in a can. There seemed to have been more people than when we first arrived. I already felt a little anxious and kept going to the bathroom to get a breather or try to calm myself down.
  - De-escalated by: Getting to the car and being back near my house.
- Context: Out of House, Restaurant, Sitting, Socializing · Restaurant · Friends, In Public
- Food: Paella
- Alcohol: Sangria

Was having a drink with Lietz. First drink in a really long time. Was anxious coming into it about getting spots. But was generally anxious in general and dreading going even before the day of, despite knowing that Lietz is a good friend and that we were doing something chill. Everything was fine until at first I started getting more and more anxious. I’d go to the bathroom and pee to feel like I have some space, run water in the back of my neck. Breathe deeper. He was talking about how his ex and I suddenly got really dizzy. He told me to rest my head on the table and rushed to get the bill without making me feel more panicked. We walked to the car and I only felt better when we were in my village.

**Log**
- Friendship with Lietz *(Gratitude)*