# Daily Journal — Sunday, 2024-06-23

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Duration: 9h 4m
- Stages: Deep 25m  Light 7h 49m  REM 50m  Awake 4m
- SpO2: avg 96.0%, low 89%
- Avg HR during sleep: 79.0 bpm
- Avg respiration: 14.0 br/min
## Notion
**🧿 Attack**
- Mood rating: 4/5
- Emotions: Angry, Disappointed, Disgusted, Irritated, Tense
- Mental: Anger, Anxiety
- Body: Chest Pain, Ears Ringing
- Spots: 1
- Panic attack: 2
  - Trigger: Mik’s mom calling me his ex’s name in front of his whole family.
  - Physical: Heating Up, Noise Sensitivity, Palpitations
  - Emotional: Humiliated to have gone through that in front of his whole family. Feeling like Mik didn’t stand up for me. Feeling vulnerable and small.
  - Thoughts: I don’t want to let someone else trigger my attack because I’m better than that.
  - Before: Mik and I had been fighting or awkward with each other since my last therapy session. We fought about me not “trying hard enough” to deal with my panic and it being an excuse to not see his family because I was actually  “unwilling” to do “the right thing” and see his family. I had also already told him about the insecurity about his ex and how his mom repeatedly calling me her name is really triggering for me. The next day, everyone was in his room and his family was really nice to me.
  - De-escalated by: Smelling peppermint and drinking with Mik’s cousins.
- Context: Dinner, Socializing · Mik’s House · Mik, Mik's Family
- Food: Army Navy Wrap
- Alcohol: Scotch

Panic 2, Spots 2 - Mik’s mom called me ex’s name again WTF. The day after I told him about how much it bothers me. His cousins told her off. If it’s because it starts with the same syllable, there are other names in their family with the same syllable… why is it always just that name. Felt really triggered and anxious/panicky almost and had to try really hard to control myself. Also felt a little depersonalized. Drank it off and felt my heart palpitating and my feet and hands get really cold, but must’ve been the w*ri. Felt a little anxiety when I saw the spots, but more disapppointment of “oh no, why”

@June 23, 2024