# Daily Journal — Tuesday, 2025-06-24

## Journal
I kinda find it crazy that it’s halfway through the year and I haven’t written a single thing here. I guess it’s me avoiding or escaping my feelings. Maybe under the guise of being too busy.

I think of so many things in the morning and at night before going to sleep, but I can never put pen to paper—perhaps because it all gets overwhelming, or because everything and nothing begin to coexist in a space where limbo is the only thing I can sense.

You know that feeling of being on the verge of a breakthrough but not quite being able to put your finger on it. Not being able to see it in colors, or put it into words or sound, but something inside you is at a boiling point.

I don’t know where I am, what I want from people, what I want for myself at this very moment. I don’t think that it has to do with my birthday coming, but there’s this mix of nostalgia, of homesickness for something, for melancholy, for curiosity, for longing, for thirst, for boredom, for calculation, anxiety, dread, fear, thrill, excitement.

I guess “that’s life,” in what people will say. Perhaps. But it’s a strange thing to feel it all at the same time, at varying and oscillating intensities, to the point that it all feels like nothing at all.

That’s the heavy hollow feeling I feel that burns in my gut—my solar plexus, to actually be exact. That’s the throbbing dark gray feeling I’ve been sleeping (with the help of Xanor and sleeping pills) with.

I want everything and nothing at the same time. Maybe I need a vacation? Maybe I need something to feel alive. Without fear or without anything that feels heavy.

Maybe this isn’t it. Or maybe it is, and I just need to live with it. I don’t know.

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Score: 63
- Duration: 5h 8m
- Stages: Deep 1h 5m  Light 2h 27m  REM 1h 36m  Awake 0m
- Avg sleep stress: 25
- Avg respiration: 18.0 br/min
- Wake events: 0  Restless moments: 24
- Recovery score: 61

**Activity**
- **Yoga**
  - Duration: 03:25:11
  - Avg HR: 107
  - Max HR: 166
  - Calories: 619