# Daily Journal — Sunday, 2025-11-30

## Journal
Cool thing about the new ipad setting is that it makes it more fun to do things for productivity now. Crazy that it's already on the MS chip when I bought mine 4 years ago and it's an MI that works perfectly fine... even not used to its maximum capacity.

We just spent 4 days in Subic at an Airbnb and I was really hoping to get some beach time in... It was rainy and I had work, mom also had work, and Taking just really wanted to stay home.

I was so happy about being able to hear crickets again at night and birds in the morning. Small details you forget in the city, but very big things that make a big difference when you realize what it does to your nervous system. I wish I could stay longer. I actually miss spending a lot of time here, back when Mom was living here and I could just stay here for weeks... Even more so during the pandemic when we were living in Finback.

I know that was a dark time for a lot of people, but I miss the quiet it brought. I may have been working two jobs so I'm speaking from a place of privilege and luck, but the world was forced to slow down. How often do you get to experience that in a lifetime? on a massive scale, for 8 billion people, we all had to reassess our life, our priorities

## Garmin
**Sleep**
- Score: 69
- Duration: 8h 4m
- Stages: Deep 14m  Light 5h 5m  REM 2h 45m  Awake 34m
- Avg sleep stress: 18
- Avg respiration: 18.66 br/min
- Wake events: 1  Restless moments: 30
- Recovery score: 74

**Heart & Health**
- HRV: 36.0 (In Range)
- Resting HR: 70.0 bpm (In Range)
- Skin Temp: -0.6°C deviation (In Range)
- Respiration: 18.6 br/min (In Range)