# Goals Archive — 2024

> *The year of diagnosis, rebuilding health habits, and creative and financial exploration.*

## A - Self-Care and Balance

### Actively prevent aging and take better care of my body.

*Prioritizing my overall well-being: physical, mental, and emotional aspects.*

**Milestones:**

- [-] *50%* Be consistent with my skincare.
- [-] *50%* Practice yoga consistently.
  *↳ Mom's first yoga class back in Manila.*
- [ ] Lift weights at home or at the gym.
- [-] *50%* Feed my body the right fuel.

### Have mental and emotional clarity.

*Building emotional resilience and self-awareness for navigating life's challenges.*

**Milestones:**

- [-] *50%* Identify triggers and glimmers.
  *↳ Having a house and a roof over my head.; Patience of my loved ones with my mood swings.; Powering through dinner despite fear of getting an attack.; Taking a nice; long bubble bath.; Probably worst panic attacks ever.*
- [ ] Listen deeply to my gut and intuition.
  *↳ Taking a nice; long bubble bath.; Resting and staying in bed with Mik; Realizing love languages not being met.*
- [ ] Prioritize self care and boundaries.

### Find the name, cause, and cure for my legs.

*Prioritizing my overall well-being: physical, mental, and emotional aspects.*

**Milestones:**

- [x] Find a doctor and get diagnosis.
  *↳ Finally getting my blood test. Blood test fail; water leaked in my bag, Starting my supplement regimen. Getting more information from Dr. Abella and reducing costs.*
- [x] Start treatment plan
  *↳ Starting my supplement regimen.*

## B - Inspired Expression

### Find creative expression outlets.

*Expressing myself, pursue passions, and explore ideas through creativity.*

**Milestones:**

- [-] *50%* Practice the guitar and singing more.
  *↳ Playing the guitar and practicing; Singing in front of people*
- [ ] Paint, draw, or write more often.
- [ ] Study how to write better songs.
  *↳ Starting a song.*

*Notes: Started knitting*

### Explore new ideas and go on adventures

*Expressing myself, pursue passions, and explore ideas through creativity.*

**Milestones:**

- [ ] Revive milesasksagain.
- [-] *50%* Travel more.
  *↳ Indian visa requirements.*

## C - Soulful Connections

### Deepen and work on relationship.

*Trust, communication, and shared experiences form the foundation of my connections.*

**Milestones:**

- [-] *50%* Create more loving moments and memories
  *↳ Going for Valentine’s dinner with Mik.; Resting and staying in bed with Mik; Bought flowers for Mom and Mik’s mom last minute.; Pompadom meeting Mik.; Helping Mik move furniture.; Mik's mom concerned about my panic attacks.*
- [-] *50%* Improve communication and understanding.
  *↳ Realizing love languages not being met.; Fighting with Mik about misunderstandings.*

### Be more consistent and present with my friendships.

*Seeking connection, purpose, and opportunities to contribute within my community.*

**Milestones:**

- [-] *50%* Be present with family.
  *↳ Mom and the family.; Dad calling when he landed; even though we were on the road; to catch up.; Celebrating mom’s 51st birthday.; Family and the values they bestowed on me.; Spending time with family instead of being too engrossed in work.; Lulay; Spending time with Lulay.; Bought flowers for Mom and Mik’s mom last minute.; Mom and celebrating Mother’s Day.; The friendship between mom and dad.; Family time like old times.; Pompadom arriving in Manila; Having family and having open communication.; Pompadom meeting Mik.; Watching dad play with the whole family.; J spending time with us and hanging out.; Josh and J.; Mom's first yoga class back in Manila.; Catching up with dad on the phone.*
- [-] *50%* Reply or at least react to conversations.
- [-] *50%* Initiate meetups and hangouts.
  *↳ Friendship with Lietz; Josh and J.*

### Open up to new connections and friendships.

*Seeking connection, purpose, and opportunities to contribute within my community.*

**Milestones:**

- [ ] Reach out and engage in conversations with new acquaintances.

## D - Growth and Empowerment

### Work towards financial stability and prosperity.

*Striving for stability, independence, and peace of mind in managing my resources.*

**Milestones:**

- [-] *50%* Educate myself more on investments.
  *↳ Long discussion about crypto with Mommy 2; and Mik.; Having free time to work on other things.; Fixing CryptoSheet on Google Sheets.*
- [-] *50%* Spend more mindfully.
  *↳ Created YNAB on Google Sheets*

### Do more creative projects

*Engaging in meaningful and productive efforts for income and fulfillment.*

**Milestones:**

- [ ] Seek out VO opportunities and fix my portfolio.
- [-] *50%* Actively reply and accept freelance gigs.
  *↳ Freelance work and being called “superstar strategist”.*

### Balance work/play/passions.

*Engaging in meaningful and productive efforts for income and fulfillment.*

**Milestones:**

- [ ] Develop a business plan and seek mentorship.
- [ ] Find a job/career that fulfills me and makes me happy.
  *↳ Last day of work.; Spending time with family instead of being too engrossed in work.; Having free time to work on other things.; SEC Registered Stellar Rebels; Business permit for Alabang*
- [ ] Set up a side hustle for passive income.
  *↳ Finishing the copy of 2 workbooks.*
